Himalayas (#784)
rfordatascience/tidytuesday: data/2025/2025-01-21/readme.md

* What is the distribution of climbing status (PSTATUS) across different mountain ranges (HIMAL_FACTOR)?
* Which mountain range (HIMAL_FACTOR) has the highest average peak height (HEIGHTM)?
* What is the distribution of peak heights (HEIGHTM) for peaks that are open (OPEN) versus those that are not?
* Which climbing routes (ROUTE1, ROUTE2, ROUTE3, ROUTE4) have the highest success rates (SUCCESS1, SUCCESS2, SUCCESS3, SUCCESS4) across all expeditions?
* How does the use of supplemental oxygen (O2USED, O2NONE) affect summit success rates?
* How often does bad weather (TERMREASON = 4) play a role in termination compared to technical difficulty (TERMREASON = 10)?
* Are expeditions with no hired personnel (NOHIRED) associated with higher or lower death rates?

> Thank you to [Nicolas Foss, Ed.D., MS](https://github.com/nicolasfoss) for curating this week's dataset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thank you to [Nicolas Foss, Ed.D., MS](https://www.linkedin.com/in/nicolas-foss) for curating this week's dataset.
```
